Previously on The O.C.
It's about your father.
He's dead.
She's taking it
pretty hard, huh?
Get your hands off me!
Are you happy?
Your family requested
that I be here today
to help them lead
an intervention.
They are worried that you
have an addiction to alcohol.
KIRSTEN:
I'm so sorry
that I put you
through this.
SUMMER:
He attacked her, Seth,
but she didn't
tell Ryan because...
Well, he has to know.
I'm gonna settle this
with Trey
once and for all.
( yelling )
Oh, my God, stop it.
You're killing him.
( shot reverberates )
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I got a gunshot wound,
exited right clavicle,
punctured an artery.
He's still alive?
Not for long.
RYAN:
How could you?
I would have done
anything for you.
TREY:
Man, I was messed up.
I was stoned.
We still have
some more questions for you.
I'm gonna see if he's
gonna be okay.
MARISSA:
Trey, get off of him!
He's not gonna die, right?
RYAN:
It wasn't my idea, Trey.
I didn't want
to steal that car.
TREY:
Yeah, well. Hey, man,
I went away for it
and, you got the good life.
RYAN:
You had to destroy it.
You had to hurt her, huh?
Hey, it's my brother.
Is he gonna be okay?
He'd be better if someone
hadn't shot him.
Wait,
wait, please.
He's lost a lot of blood.
Jesus, what the hell
happened to you?
I was in a fight.
Could someone look
at this kid?!
You can look at him just as soon
as we're done talking to him.
Ryan!
You discharged
this weapon, ma'am.
Yes, I already...
Don't answer!
Don't say anything!
( fuzzy ):
You okay?
( echoing ):
You all right?
Ryan?
Seth?
You okay?
( knocking )
Hey, man. Just wanted
you to know that, uh...
You okay?
I just had the worst nightmare.
Yeah? I got some bad news.
It wasn't a dream.
Yeah, yeah. I know.
Well, that lawyer guy's
on his way over, so.
Yeah.
-=THE LAST FANTASY=-
Proudly Presents
-=TLF SUB TEAM=-
CC by snowmoon
synced by bleache
You know Coop,
if you'd have asked me
what we'd be doing the
weekend before senior year,
I probably would have said
a road trip to Rosarito
or Rush Week at SC
meeting college boys...
And waiting to get
charged with manslaughter?
Wouldn't have
made the list.
Mm-mm.
You're gonna get
through this, Coop.
You're innocent.
You were saving
Ryan's life.
Try explaining that to Ryan.
He understands why you did it.
He's not mad.
It's just like this weird,
horrible thing hanging over us,
like, the elephant in the room.
Or in the intensive care unit.
Before Trey, I never actually
knew anyone in a coma.
Well, I mean,
on The Valley, there's
someone in a coma
like every week,
but I think they only
do that so that
when the person wakes up
another actor can play the part.
Unfortunately, if Trey wakes up,
he's still gonna be Trey.
If he wakes up.
You got to admit, Coop,
whatever happens,
Ryan facing off with Trey
to avenge your honor--
God, that is
so freaking hot.
In a mythic, Biblical,
Samurai-Western kind of way.
I really wish that helped me
sleep at night, Summer.
You're still not sleeping?
I shot someone, Summ,
and even if he lives,
which is a big "if,"
I'm still going to have
to live with that
for the rest of my life.
Oh, senior year.
Should be all-time.
Yeah.
Thanks a bunch, Sandy.
If a pot and a
half isn't enough
to get you through
the morning,
I can make some more.
That'd be great.
Sorry for the mess,
it's been a little hectic.
Seth'll be right down.
And Mr. Atwood?
He's getting
dressed.
You know, the kids
have been through
a lot this summer,
with all this
hanging over them,
and now school is starting.
Which is why the D.A.
wants to get moving.
We waited
as long as we could
for the other Mr. Atwood
to wake up, but...
we're getting
a lot of calls from parents.
The D.A.'s under a lot
of pressure to prosecute.
Except there's nothing
to prosecute.
Marissa's protected
under "the defense of others."
Of course, your boss
may not find that very sexy.
Or true. The D.A.'s not looking
to go after Marissa.
Ryan's innocent.
You got his statement
at the scene, and hers.
Look at the
record Ryan's got.
His history of violence,
and Caleb Nichol's daughter's
the one blowing away ex-cons
with a .45?
She saved Ryan's life.
What was he doing over.
at Trey's in the first place?
His brother tried to rape
his girlfriend.
We've got cause.
Yeah, and you got witnesses.
The only people who
saw the gun go off
were Mr. Atwood, Miss Cooper,
and the other Mr. Atwood--
who may or may not wake up.
If you go after Ryan,
even if he's brought in
on charges,
Social Services could
take him away from us.
Which explains Miss Cooper's
motivation to cover for him.
Mr. Atwood's got
a lot more to lose.
Where is
your wife anyway?
She's out of town.
My name is Kirsten
and I'm an alcoholic.
GROUP:
Hello, Kirsten.
Kirsten, your progress
here at Suriak has been
truly wonderful to watch.
You're a model patient
for everyone here.
Well, I don't
know about that,
I mean, Shelly is
definitely better
at poker. She's
cleaned me out.
( people laughing )
But... being here
has given me
the clarity to understand
why I turned to alcohol
in the first place.
And do you feel comfortable
sharing with the group, uh...
why that was?
Uh, sure.
I mean, we're all
in this together.
I, uh, I guess it begins
and ends with my dad.
He was...
an amazing man.
But controlling,
and... I realized
that I was living
his life, not mine.
After my mother
died, I did
everything I could
to please him,
but I realized
that no matter
how hard I worked or
how hard I tried...
It was never enough.
I'm sorry.
No. No, it's true.
It was never enough.
Became my mantra.
I was never a good
enough wife-- or mom,
because I wasn't a
good enough daughter.
The power that comes with that
kind of difficult realization
will be invaluable
after you leave us.
Are you trying to get rid of me?
Well...
it sounds to me
like Suriak's work is done.
You'll need
to get a sponsor,
attend meetings,
but there's no reason you can't
do that from your home.
Great.
Mr. Atwood,
do you swear to tell the truth
and nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
I do.
Well, you won't mind if
I record this deposition.
Sure, record it,
release it on iTunes
I hope it's
a really big hit.
Just answer the questions.
I've already answered
all these questions.
I have nothing new to say.
Well, your
previous statement
came at the hospital.
It was traumatic.
It's been a
couple of months.
Maybe you remember things
differently now.
I remember everything
exactly as I told you.
Well, then you can
tell me again.
I...
confronted Trey
about what had happened,
and that's when
he pulled the gun on me.
Then we called Marissa
to see if maybe
she could stop Ryan.
And that's when
Marissa saved my life.
You mean that's when
Marissa shot Trey.
And you witnessed
the shooting?
It was clear when we got there
what had happened.
Just answer the question.
No, I did not, I did...
I-I didn't shoot him.
Your fingerprints
were on the gun.
Yeah, because I
put the safety back on
to make sure
it didn't go off again.
We weren't exactly thinking
at the time.
So one final question.
What were you afraid
was going to happen
between Ryan and his brother?
Why were you
trying to stop him?
You went to
Trey's that night
to kill your brother,
didn't you, Mr. Atwood?
( clicks off )
So what kind of food
do you think prosecutors like?
'Cause that's what's
important here, Jimmy?
Okay.
So does this look
like the outfit
the mother of an
innocent girl would wear?
Well, at least somebody
has their priorities in order.
( sighs )
I just hope Marissa
listens to me
and our attorney.
The last thing
we need is her
admitting to the DA
that she
shot someone.
Jules.
She already admitted it.
She wasn't in her
right frame of mind
when she spoke
to the police.
It's not like she's
a trained assassin.
Uh-huh, so-so what's our story?
Trey shot himself in the back?
No, Jimmy.
Be reasonable.
She's not gonna lie
and say Ryan did it.
They already have her statement.
Nobody believes her.
They all think
she's protecting him.
So you want Ryan
to go away for this?
All I know is that
before he moved to Newport,
our lives were
a lot more normal, stable.
Uh-huh, so it's his fault
that I went bankrupt
and nearly went to jail,
and you married Caleb Nichol
and later watched him drown
in a pool,
and Trey got shot.
Jimmy, not everything
I say is meant literally.
I'm venting.
Look, I wish none of this
ever happened,
but it did.
And we have a chance
to be a family again.
I don't want to lose that.
Look...
put out some crudete
and the Gouda.
I'll go see if Marissa's
out of the shower.
SETH:
Hey, are you decent?
I thought maybe you could
use a post-depo dip.
I just showered.
Hmm. A fair point then.
We'll stay away from
aquatic activities,
something
landlocked, maybe.
I'm gonna visit Trey.
I was gonna go with a movie.
This being the time
when Hollywood
dumps their
crappy would-be blockbusters,
which we could mock
and thus feel better
about ourselves.
You got the keys?
But... visiting your
comatose brother
in the ICU, that's...
also an excellent way to
relax and blow off steam,
so I'll drive.
Awesome.
Oh, Mr. Caldwell, would you like
some more lemonade?
Mr. Esbenshade?
Come on. It's okay
for a prosecutor
and defense attorney
to have a glass of lemonade
together.
We're all
human beings here.
I'm not so sure
about these guys.
Miss Cooper,
I'm Deputy District
Attorney Chris Caldwell.
I'll be conducting
this deposition.
Hi. Uh, where do you want
us to sit?
Actually, Miss Roberts
can't be present.
We wouldn't want you
influencing your testimony.
She knows what you know,
which is the truth.
Which is what
I already told you people.
Miss Roberts, if you could
please wait inside.
Summer,
we have HBO On Demand;
every season
of Sex In The City.
Knock yourself out.
Marissa, it'll be okay.
I'm just going to wait inside.
Look, I already told everybody
everything.
I don't want to have
to go through this again;
talk about all of it
in front of all these strangers?
Marissa, I need
to remind you
this deposition
is binding.
Your testimony in court
can't waver
from what is said here.
I already told the truth,
so what's the problem?
The problem, Miss Cooper,
is that your testimony
lacks credibility.
Miss Roberts,
please wait inside.
Come on, Summer.
Now, Miss Cooper,
I'm going to have
to swear you in.
JULIE:
It'll be okay, Marissa.
I kind of like him
this way.
He's a better listener.
Sorry.
I get talkative
around coma patients.
It's a compensation thing.
I'll give you guys a minute.
Wait just a...
Sorry, man,
I don't even know
why I came here.
That night I wanted
to kill him.
Now I'd do anything
to take it back.
Well, you can't
blame yourself
and you can't change
what happened.
Yeah, but I mean,
Trey could have tried
to make it work.
Living in town,
I mean, I could of
had my brother here.
Everything's screwed up
and he's the only family
I got left.
That's not exactly true.
Okay, you have to say that I still support
the recent decision
in the wake of
all the violence
we've experienced
to ban any games
with ninjas or guns.
Yeah, but...?
Well, it's just
I don't understand
any of the rules
to this "baseball"
they call it.
You mean,
America's pastime?
Feels like more
of a fad to me, buddy.
I don't really see
it catching on.
Sure.
You called Marissa
and Summer, right?
They're with
the Dark Lord Sauron
or whatever the
D.A.'s name is.
Did that guy blink once
during the deposition?
He didn't even
have eyelids.
( phone ringing )
Hello?
I'm sorry.
He's not in right now.
Can I take a message?
COMMENTATOR:
Dallas McPherson will stand in.
0 for 2 thus far.
Okay, thank you.
That was the hospital.
Trey woke up.
Kirsten, right?
Hi, I'm Charlotte Morgan.
I'm so sorry about
interrupting you in group.
Oh, no, no, that's okay.
When I heard you talking,
it was like you were
describing my life.
Rich, dominating father,
the high pressure.
Nothing was ever good enough.
Well, I'm just glad
I didn't bore you.
It was amazing,
I mean,
to hear someone
on the same journey as me.
Well, obviously,
you're a little further along.
I could never have
admitted all that.
Well...
You're so brave
and honest.
I don't know about
that, but thank you.
Do you want to maybe get
coffee sometime?
We can talk trash
about our dads.
Sure, I'd love to.
Okay.
Ah, that's my husband.
Oh, well, I don't want
to take up any more
of your time.
Bye.
Look at you.
So it exploded all
over the kitchen?
Ah, the microwave mostly.
An entire jar
of peanut butter?
We were trying to make
peanut butter cookies
as a surprise for you.
It seemed like
such a good idea
at the time.
Well, it is a well-known
science factoid
that metal plus heat
equals...
Peanut butter everywhere.
And these are just
a few of the lessons
we three struggling,
handsome bachelors
are learning every week.
It sound like you
have a reality series here.
Oh, I hope
it's not a reality for too long.
So... you should
be coming home any
day now, right?
Just give me a heads up
so I can make sure
the house is livable.
Yeah, I just have to sit down
with Dr. Woodruff soon
and see what's
going on.
See if I'm eligible.
( phone rings )
Ooh. Hey, Seth,
I'm here with Mom.
Huh.
Well, thanks for calling.
I'll see you
when I get back to the house.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. He says hi,
that he misses you.
I better get going,
get back to work.
Just let me know
what the doctor says.
Yeah.
All right.
Hey. So what's going on?
Trey's awake.
Oh, my God.
When did he...?
Couldn't have been too long.
I just saw him.
You saw him?
Yeah, I've been up there
a couple times, you know.
I didn't know.
Hey, I would have gone with you.
No, no, you shouldn't
have to see him ever again.
I don't have the same choice.
Well, I mean, I guess
now that he's awake,
he can tell the lawyers
what really happened.
I mean, Trey got us
into this mess.
Hopefully, he can get us out.
Yeah. Our future's in
Trey's hands.
Come on. Seth and Summer
are at the diner.
What do you mean
it's going to take two months?
Caleb wrote a will.
Just read it already.
It's much more difficult
than that, Mrs. Cooper Nichol.
as you can see
there's a lot of paperwork,
a number of different
offshore accounts
we haven't yet found.
Okay, well, you just take
your sweet time, Mr. Frankel,
but understand this:
we are paying a very high-priced
defense attorney
to protect our daughter,
and right now the meter's
running.
I wish I could help.
I'm a grieving widow.
Clearly.
You've seen the will,
haven't you, Joe?
Why don't you just tell us
what's in it
and it'll be our little secret?
I can't do that.
It's our attorney,
Julie.
Let's play hot-cold, hmm?
$2 million?
$7 million?
I have at least
$3 million coming
from my prenup.
You blinked.
Does one blink mean yes?
Julie, the hospital called.
What? What did they say?
Okay, I have an idea.
Are you going to save
Chrismukkah again?
'Cause I really enjoyed
that last time.
We need to have some fun.
Fun?
Yeah. Look,
we can't control
the future, right?
So how do we deal?
I mean, we can do
what my stepmother does
and take lots of painkillers
to number ourselves
from the reality
that life is,
well, random, unfair
and ultimately meaningless.
There's another option, right?
Or we can accept the fact
that we can't worry
about what we can't control
and just enjoy the time
that we have.
Trey's awake and school
is starting soon.
who knows
what's to come, right?
So this might be our last chance
to have fun.
I like plan "B."
So what do we do?
Well, I have an idea,
but I'd have
to ask my dad first.
Mr. Cooper's got a nice boat,
huh?
Yeah, it's amazing
what laundered
money can buy.
You know, Cohen,
with your two hands on the wheel
and the wind blowing
through your hair,
you actually look kind of hot.
Let me guess, Summer.
You have a weakness for seamen?
Ew, Cohen!
Yeah?
And then
there's that.
Yeah? Oh.
Hey.
So, how you
doing? You okay?
Yeah, I guess.
I mean, I don't know,
to be honest.
Are we okay?
Yeah, sure.
Why wouldn't we be?
'Cause since that night,
we haven't really talked
about it.
SETH:
Hey,
knock it off.
Listen,
get your mind
off everything.
Who wants to
go fishing?
Yeah, you guys do the hunting,
we'll do the gathering.
Fishing. I like that idea,
but we don't have any bait.
Oh. Yeah, wait.
No, we have Summer.
Look at this
little sardine.
No!
You guys,
that's not funny.
Look at this
little sardine.
Don't. No! No!
Who wants to go...?
Stop, Ryan.
( girls squealing and laughing )
( girls squealing and giggling )
MARISSA:
Well,
if this is as good
as it gets for a while...
Yeah, it was
pretty good.
Yeah, thanks for almost
getting my bathing
suit wet, Cohen.
My pleasure.
( mocking Summer ):
Cohen,
I can't believe that
you did that, Cohen.
( laughter )
JULIE:
I'm looking for
Trey Atwood.
I'm sorry.
Visiting hours ended
a while ago.
Oh, did I forget
to introduce myself?
I'm Julie Cooper-Nichol,
as in the Nichol wing
of this hospital
which we're both standing in.
Oh. Hello, Mrs. Cooper-Nichol.
My husband
was very philanthropic.
Hospitals
were his favorite charity--
especially making sure
nurses and orderlies
were compensated
for their hard work.
I would hate to
see his passion
fall by the wayside.
( startled audible breath )
Hello, Trey.
I've been wanting
to talk to you.
Uh...
Oh, no, no-- no pleasantries.
Look at you,
lying there all helpless.
Unable to stop me
from doing whatever
I wanted to.
Kind of like the night
you tried to rape my daughter.
I'm sorry.
Well, you should be,
you son of a bitch.
Which is why
you're going to help me.
In exchange, I'm prepared
to compensate you.
How does $20,000 sound?
( scoffing )
What... do you want?
Three simple words.
Repeat after me, Trey.
Ryan shot me.
Trey...
( audible swallow
and soft, mirthless chuckle )
"Ryan...
shot me."
SETH:
Okay, so,
I know Teen Wolf
is not a realistic movie.
We're going
out on a limb here, but yeah.
Well... I mean,
how does being
a werewolf
make you a better
basketball player?
Can't argue that one.
SANDY:
Hey, fellas, you mind
shutting off the TV?
Trey talked
to the police this morning,
and he confirmed their suspicion
that it was you who shot him.
Well, that's
a total lie.
SANDY:
Now, the D.A.'s office
gave me a heads-up.
They're going to be issuing
a warrant for your arrest
in a few hours.
We're going
to figure this thing out.
But I need to know
that you are telling me
everything that happened.
What difference does it make?
You're going to fix this, right?
A little early
for champagne,
don't you think?
I'm making mimosas--
they're breakfast-appropriate.
Besides,
we should celebrate.
Celebrate the fact
that Marissa's boyfriend
is getting arrested?
No, the fact that Marissa isn't.
You know, Julie,
it's just a little
too convenient.
Trey wakes up
and immediately
points the finger at Ryan?
Well, sometimes, Jimmy--
and I know you don't have
that much experience with this--
but... things work out.
You know, even if
Marissa was accused,
she wouldn't go to jail.
She also wouldn't be going
to college.
Forget what the law says
about just cause
in defense of others.
How's it going to look
on her college application
under extracurriculars--
"Shoots blue collar thugs"?
Look, I don't want Marissa to
suffer either, but Ryan...
Ryan's die was cast
long before he moved
into the Cohen pool house.
Look, Jimmy,
let's just put this to bed.
We'll collect on Caleb's will,
and we'll go back to being
a normal, happy family.
MARISSA:
Hey, what's for breakfast?
JIMMY:
Hey, kiddo, what
are you doing up?
I can't sleep.
Oh. Well, I have news
that's very
good for us.
It's just...
not so good for Ryan.
SETH:
Well, I know he wants
to be left alone.
We have
to do something.
Should we bring him
a snack?
What does Ryan eat?
Dry cereal from a
box and black coffee.
Huh.
Well, maybe we could get him
something, like a gift.
Sure. Money's no object.
Okay. What does Ryan like?
Hmm.
Any favorite movies, hobbies?
Cohen, he's your best friend.
Hey, you've known
him as long as me.
I don't hear
you throwing
out any gems.
Well, we can't just
leave him alone in there;
it's just terrible.
I know, but who even knows
what to say to him?
He's never
been arrested before...
for attempted murder.
Where is he?
Uh, he's not really
seeing visitors right now.
We're kind of giving
him his space.
( sarcastic sigh )
This should go well.
Right behind you, Coop.
Hey.
Hoodie, wife-beater,
leather jacket.
That's the Ryan Atwood
escapist ensemble.
That's right;
doesn't matter what I say.
No one's going
to believe me-- not anymore.
Dude, you're not running away.
Yeah. Yeah, I am.
No, No, you're not.
You're sailing...
and we're coming with you.
Yes.
Since apparently
there's boats involved,
which is my forte.
Totally.
We all go down together.
Thanks.
Well, so, how was your
visit with your husband?
He excited you're
coming home?
Yes, he is.
Didn't tell him
you're not
ready yet, huh?
Been there.
Well, if Dr. Woodruff
says I'm ready,
I must be ready.
Yeah, but Dr. Woodruff
ain't going to be
in your kitchen at 3:00 a.m.
when you're rooting around
in the spice rack
for anything with alcohol,
and start pounding
vanilla extract.
Oh, God, I'm-I'm... I'm sorry.
Is that what happened to you?
It was cough syrup.
That's my biggest fear--
that I'm not ready.
And I'm not going back
to my husband and my boys
until I know that I'll never
let them down again.
Look, can I give you
some advice?
It's not a race.
Take all the time you need.
Hello.
I'm back.
We're looking for Ryan Atwood.
You're a little
late, I'm afraid.
Nope, she's not here, either.
And she left for your house
hours ago, Sandy.
You don't think
they'd try anything, do you?
What's going on?
The cops are at Sandy's house;
the kids are gone.
We don't know
where they went.
SUMMER:
You don't think your dad
will miss the boat?
MARISSA:
Well, he of all people
will understand.
But we got to hurry.
SETH:
Let's go.
RYAN:
Hey, man,
how long is it to Catalina?
About four hours;
then from there,
we can go wherever you want--
Mexico, Hawaii.
Hey, look, guys,
I got to say...
you can get in a lot
of trouble for this,
so if you want
to back out...
Are you kidding?
This is a great excuse
to skip school.
It's just until we can get Trey
to change his story.
Glad to see
the jumpsuit still fits.
Well, kid,
for someone
who's innocent, you done
a hell of a job to look guilty.
I'm glad to see you're here
to make me feel better.
No, I'm here to
tell you the truth,
as your lawyer
and your guardian.
The only person
who runs
is somebody who's
got something to hide.
Or who has no choice.
I see how these cops and lawyers
look at me.
My record, my family...
And you know I'm right.
This isn't over.
The arraignment's
set for tomorrow.
We're going to fight this.
Trey could still
change his mind.
Yeah.
How's that gonna happen?
I haven't worn
this candy stripers outfit
since, like,
the tenth grade.
Well, maybe we should
start volunteering again.
It's good
for charity.
Nothing against you guys
wearing these uniforms,
'cause I'm not.
But doesn't this plan
seem a little light-hearted,
given the nature
of the predicament?
Cohen, you're not
even part of the plan.
We're letting you push a cart.
Okay, Summ, you're on.
Hey, Denise!
How are you?!
Summer Roberts.
I haven't seen you in years.
Where you been?
Oh, I love helping sick people.
It's just,
they kept making me sick.
So, I've been reassigned
to gunshot victims,
because you can't catch
one of those.
Well, glad to have you back.
Who do you want to see?
( knock at door )
I don't want to speak
to anyone else.
Hey, did you hear what I...?
Did you, uh...
come to finish the job?
So, you do remember
it was me who shot you.
( coughs )
I'm trying to protect you.
Protect me?
By blaming Ryan?
I'm sorry, Marissa...
for... for everything.
I...
I just didn't know
how to make it right, and...
and she offered me a way out.
Who did?
Your mom.
Look, Trey...
if you want to make it right,
then there's only one thing
for you to do.
Hey, Jimmy.
Hey.
Thanks for meeting me.
Sure.
Sorry to hear about Ryan.
Just when you thought
things couldn't get any worse.
That's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
I've been trying
to figure out
why Trey would
try to frame Ryan.
I know the kid's not
going to be sainted
anytime soon,
but... still.
The only thing
I can figure--
somebody paid him.
But who would
sink that low?
Only one name came to mind.
And you didn't
try to stop her.
Look,
I-I found out about it
too late.
There was nothing I could do.
Come on, Jimmy, at some point,
you got to do the right thing.
You've got to understand
what I'm dealing with.
Put yourself in my shoes.
In your shoes?
I got a wife in rehab
who doesn't want to come home,
and a kid who's been locked up
for something he didn't do.
Your shoes are looking
pretty good right now.
Look, I-I get it, I get it.
I'm trying to protect
my family, too.
Right.
Because family
means so much to you.
What's that supposed to mean?
That means what
are you doing
back in Newport?
Caleb dies, boom,
suddenly you show up.
( phone ringing )
Grand Central Station.
Hello?
Okay.
Thank you.
Wait till Julie
hears this.
Hey, sweetie.
Uh, I'm still learning
how to do the wash,
so whatever no longer fits,
we'll just send it
to your sister.
I know what you did.
What do you mean?
What's this?
A copy of Trey's confession.
Saying that if I
didn't shoot him,
he would have
killed his brother.
The police have one, too.
Do you know what you've done?
I'm not going to jail.
But where are you going to go,
Marissa, huh?
You know how small
this town is.
This will get out.
What, that I saved
my boyfriend's life?
That you shot someone.
When there's a scandal,
no one cares about the details.
All you care about
is what people in Newport
think of us--
of you.
You know, I don't need you
to protect me.
I need you
to stay out of my life.
What happened?
You have a hell of a girlfriend.
And if you two
get married,
you'll have a hell
of a mother-in-law,
but you're free.
There's something I got to do.
Thanks.
( sighing )
Are you okay?
Yeah.
This one time
when we were kids,
Trey got in this big
fight with my mom
and her boyfriend
of the day, and...
he ran away.
And I stayed up all
night waiting for him,
wondering where he went.
It was always me and Trey
against the world.
How would I make
it without him?
Now here I am
again... alone,
wondering where he went.
Hey, look,
you're not alone this time.
I know, I know.
I really want
to put this behind us.
So do I, but...
I mean, can we?
I hope so.
Okay.
-=TLF SUB TEAM=-
http://tlfsub.eastgame.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org